# Move data to Blob Storage
- A number of solutions exist for migrating existing data to Blob Storage:
    - AzCopy is an easy-to-use command-line tool for Windows and Linux that copies data to and from Blob Storage, across containers, or across storage accounts. For more information about AzCopy, see Transfer data with the AzCopy v10.
    - The Azure Storage Data Movement library is a .NET library for moving data between Azure Storage services. The AzCopy utility is built with the Data Movement library. For more information, see the reference documentation for the Data Movement library.
    - Azure Data Factory supports copying data to and from Blob Storage by using the account key, a shared access signature, a service principal, or managed identities for Azure resources. For more information, see Copy data to or from Azure Blob Storage by using Azure Data Factory.
    - Blobfuse is a virtual file system driver for Azure Blob Storage. You can use BlobFuse to access your existing block blob data in your Storage account through the Linux file system. For more information, see What is BlobFuse? - BlobFuse2 (preview).
    - Azure Data Box service is available to transfer on-premises data to Blob Storage when large datasets or network constraints make uploading data over the wire unrealistic. Depending on your data size, you can request Azure Data Box Disk, Azure Data Box, or Azure Data Box Heavy devices from Microsoft. You can then copy your data to those devices and ship them back to Microsoft to be uploaded into Blob Storage.
    - The Azure Import/Export service provides a way to import or export large amounts of data to and from your storage account using hard drives that you provide. For more information, see What is Azure Import/Export service?.